Collect data from workflows (#67)
Readme-Workflows/recent-activity: README.md

Join our [Discord Servers][discord] and follow the `#news` channel there to get notified about new updates and other important news.

## Collected Data and Statistics

This Action will collect certain statistics to improve it in the future.  
Collected data includes username, username of commiter, e-mail of committer, time of the last workflow run and number of successful and failed runs.

Data is refreshed at least once every 7 days and complete data is discarded if the action was not used for 7 days.  
We do not share any data with 3rd-parties and only use it for improving this Action.

> By using this Action will you agree to allowing the aformentioned data to be collected.

Author: ```suggestion
By using this Action, you are agreeing to allow the aformentioned data to be collected.
```
Imo, this would be better statement.

> By using this Action, you are agreeing to allow the aformentioned data to be collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using this Action, you are agreeing to allow the aforementioned data to be collected.
```
Just a typo is there
